`Tag` - Text truncation for overflow fix (#2655)
hashicorp/design-system: .changeset/brown-wolves-admire.md

---
"@hashicorp/design-system-components": minor
---

> `Tag` - Truncate any text that is longer than 150px and add a tooltip with the full text when truncation occurs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Tag` - Truncate any text that is longer than 160px and add a tooltip with the full text when truncation occurs
```

Is this more accurate now?

> `Tag` - Truncate any text that wraps to multiple lines and add a tooltip with the full text when truncation occurs

Reviewer: Suggestion: might be good to explicitly call out the new max-width

```suggestion
`Tag` - Truncate any text that is longer than 150px and add a tooltip with the full text when truncation occurs
```
